feat: add TypeScript SDK announcement blog post (#741)
strands-agents/docs: src/content/blog/strands-agents-typescript-sdk.mdx

---
title: "Strands Agents TypeScript SDK: Build AI Agents in TypeScript"
date: 2026-04-06
description: "The Strands Agents TypeScript SDK brings the model-driven approach to the TypeScript ecosystem. Build type-safe AI agents that run in Node.js and the browser."
authors:
  - strands-team
tags:
  - Open Source
  - Announcement
  - TypeScript
draft: false
---

> We're excited to announce the release candidate of the [Strands Agents TypeScript SDK](https://github.com/strands-agents/sdk-typescript). The SDK brings the model-driven approach to building AI agents to the TypeScript and JavaScript ecosystem. If you've been following Strands Agents, you know the Python SDK has been powering production agents across AWS and the broader community since May 2025. Now, TypeScript developers get the same simple, powerful primitives with full type safety, Zod-based tooling, and the ability to run agents in both Node.js and the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to announce the release candidate of the [Strands Agents TypeScript SDK](https://github.com/strands-agents/sdk-typescript). The SDK brings the model-driven approach to building AI agents to the TypeScript and JavaScript ecosystem. If you've been following Strands Agents, you know the Python SDK has been powering production agents across AWS and the broader community since May 2025. Now, TypeScript developers get the same simple, powerful primitives with full type safety, custom tools, and the ability to run agents in both Node.js and the browser.
```

I think custom tools is fine, i dont think people love our zod tool setup

## Agents in the browser

What makes the TypeScript SDK unique is that it runs natively in the browser. No server required. This opens up a whole category of interactive, client-side agent experiences.

To show what's possible, we built a [browser agent example](https://github.com/strands-agents/sdk-typescript/tree/main/examples/browser-agent) where an AI agent manipulates a live canvas element through natural language. You chat with the agent, and it uses a custom `update_canvas` tool to change HTML, CSS, or run JavaScript in an iframe, all streaming in real time.

![Browser agent demo](./resources/browser-agent-demo.gif)

The full example includes a settings panel for switching between OpenAI, Anthropic, and Bedrock providers, a chat UI with streaming markdown rendering, and tool-use indicators. Clone the repo and try it out:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/strands-agents/sdk-typescript.git
cd sdk-typescript/examples/browser-agent
npm install && npm run dev
```

Open `http://localhost:5173`, configure your API credentials, and start chatting with the canvas.

## Get started

> The TypeScript SDK is available now on npm:

Reviewer: Lets point them to the getting started page here instead. Thats a better resource for learning how to get started in typescript

Author: Updated.
